Well, here we are, we got power bags
possible to deal with us here a hundred times
look at here offered well here
Please, this is generally so feed
frame
it's a stern frame guys like that
the bee package came to us nothing
thank you very much
gentlemen who are selling
bee packages very clear to new
cocoa flavor feed straight Nemer
here is the feed
Well, yes, too, you see a lot for yourself
they are all pocket and what do pollen do
here we have something else to do
we have no choice to put here the form
who cover but quietly chase
see what's inside us
generally baldetet
fuel
sisters may well so developed
woke until the evening you will not because no
I have an opportunity to smoke you like that
then I have so much to transfer
there was a body in that condition from in
disgusting
Well, that was supposed to be framed yes yes
here we have
labor twist so womb we here somehow
we would not accidentally fill the frame there
Well, that's a little print brood
have u a little bit. the rest of the party
next yes yes but here is more
lord to eat consumables eat well
more or less frame time and hopes
so the framework even in hive holland
guys working hard with a huge
taught packages appear
Were here morning thing for the siphon
here again people sowing and honey
I don’t see here I’m spending here
there is a joke when the droplet
Well, a little bit on the decline there is a knife to
companion is so well and that's all
transplants that's the whole transplant
that's the whole transplant
there is a little bee left but now here
put the shops
and this body just turn it on
like this it will not be done
give fly well did it already there
ogame what the package climbed 2 and sliced 3
slips
all in size vase
well, and so in close
so that the bee is not blowing here
not allowed to figure out where and how
There is well and while from 3
natural sensuality nak
move
total packages displeased complete chaos
frame Krutovsky alternately for Dan
skimy promised packaged by the seller
packages we did not receive received do not understand
what
Oh, but we have no choice but now this
we have beauty here
Now we have a kind of apiary
appears on the apiary doubled in principle
as if next season will be
25 hive
in a year 50 then a sotochka as if
so bratts be good
I wish you all happiness May 9 to congratulate
a holiday of peace over your head